Dear Professional , This letter was specially selected 
to be sent to you . We will comply with all removal 
requests ! This mail is being sent in compliance with 
Senate bill 1620 ; Title 9 ; Section 301 . This is 
different than anything else you've seen . Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich as few as 
74 days . Have you ever noticed most everyone has a 
cellphone & nobody is getting any younger . Well, now 
is your chance to capitalize on this ! WE will help 
YOU use credit cards on your website plus turn your 
business into an E-BUSINESS ! You are guaranteed to 
succeed because we take all the risk . But don't believe 
us . Mrs Simpson of Indiana tried us and says "I was 
skeptical but it worked for me" ! We assure you that 
we operate within all applicable laws ! We implore 
you - act now . Sign up a friend and you get half off 
! Warmest regards . Dear Professional , Your email 
address has been submitted to us indicating your interest 
in our letter . We will comply with all removal requests 
! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 2716 , Title 5 ; Section 302 . This is not a get 
rich scheme . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich as few as 59 MONTHS . Have you ever noticed 
nearly every commercial on television has a .com on 
in it plus nearly every commercial on television has 
a .com on in it ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! We will help you process your orders within 
seconds and SELL MORE . You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you ! But don't believe us . Ms Jones of 
Colorado tried us and says "I was skeptical but it 
worked for me" . We are a BBB member in good standing 
. DO NOT DELAY - order today . Sign up a friend and 
you get half off ! Thanks . Dear Salaryman ; Especially 
for you - this hot intelligence . We will comply with 
all removal requests . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1625 , Title 2 ; Section 302 . Do 
NOT confuse us with Internet scam artists ! Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich inside 74 
weeks ! Have you ever noticed people love convenience 
& more people than ever are surfing the web ! Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this . We will 
help you deliver goods right to the customer's doorstep 
and deliver goods right to the customer's doorstep 
! The best thing about our system is that it is absolutely 
risk free for you ! But don't believe us ! Mrs Simpson 
who resides in New Mexico tried us and says "My only 
problem now is where to park all my cars" . We assure 
you that we operate within all applicable laws . DO 
NOT DELAY - order today . Sign up a friend and you'll 
get a discount of 10% . Thanks ! Dear Internet user 
, This letter was specially selected to be sent to 
you . We will comply with all removal requests ! This 
mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2616 
; Title 5 , Section 305 . This is not multi-level marketing 
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
in 45 DAYS ! Have you ever noticed people love convenience 
& most everyone has a cellphone . Well, now is your 
chance to capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU turn 
your business into an E-BUSINESS and increase customer 
response by 110% . You can begin at absolutely no cost 
to you . But don't believe us ! Mrs Jones of New Hampshire 
tried us and says "I was skeptical but it worked for 
me" ! We assure you that we operate within all applicable 
laws ! For the sake of your family order now . Sign 
up a friend and you'll get a discount of 20% ! Thank-you 
for your serious consideration of our offer . Dear 
Cybercitizen , You made the right decision when you 
signed up for our club . This is a one time mailing 
there is no need to request removal if you won't want 
any more . This mail is being sent in compliance with 
Senate bill 1622 , Title 4 , Section 303 ! THIS IS 
NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING ! Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich as few as 91 weeks ! Have 
you ever noticed nearly every commercial on television 
has a .com on in it plus most everyone has a cellphone 
! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! 
We will help you SELL MORE & decrease perceived waiting 
time by 160% ! You are guaranteed to succeed because 
we take all the risk . But don't believe us ! Mrs Anderson 
who resides in Indiana tried us and says "I was skeptical 
but it worked for me" . This offer is 100% legal . 
Do not delay - order today ! Sign up a friend and your 
friend will be rich too ! Cheers ! 